Project Description:

This project is a implementation of a boggle solver
written in JavaScript. 
The program gets a grid and a dictionary as an input. 
It then checks which words in the dictionary can be 
built using the grid.
The rules are:
- The letters used must me adjacent tiles in the grid, 
including diagonals.
- Every word may not use a tile in the grid more than once.
- Words must be at least 3 letters long.
- "qu" and "st" count as 2 letters. 
- There are no "s" or "q" tiles allowed.
I decided to implement my solution by using a hash map.
This allowed me to store every word and every possible 
prefix inside the hashmap.
This had the advantage of looking up if a possible word is in 
the grid in constant time.
I also implemented a helper function which recursively 
searches for every possible word in the grid.

Group Members:

- Benjamin Hoesli
- Peter Gansallo
- Esau Hutcherson

Defects Found:

No defects were found in the code by the reviewers.

Summary of Recommendation:

- Peter Gansallo: 
Move helper functions to the top of the file.
Add a comment to the helper function to explain what it does.
Change the variable name of "N".

- Esau Hutcherson
Create a helper function named toLowerCheck.
Create helper function for cresting the hash map.
Create helper function to build the different words.
Change variable name of "N".
Overall, break the findAllSolutions into smaller pieces.

Review Time and Defects Found:

I think my reviewers did a great job in reviewing my code.
I can tell that they both invested time to look at my code in detail.
While my reviewers did not find any defects in my code, 
they did make very helpful recommendations to improve my code.
The biggest improvement i implemented was to include more helper functions 
in order to keep my main function clean and simple.
This allows anydody to quickly understand what exactly my code is
doing at different stages.
Another helpful tip was to add comments to all the helper functions.
This gives a quick overview of what every function's main job is.

While I agreed to most improvement recommendations from my reviewers, 
there were a few poiunts I disagreed on implementing.
Ther first point I disagreed on was to change the variable name of "N".
While a name like "length" might be more understandable at first glance, 
The explanation of the code asks for a "NxN" grid. 
Therefore I wanted to make sure that I use the same terminology 
as in the explanation.
Another thing i did not choose to implement was to move my helper 
functions to the top of the main file.
The reason i did not chose to do that was because I thionk the 
"star of the show" should be the main function.
If anyone would like to take a closer look at the code, 
they can still scroll down to see the helper functions.

Esau provided me with 5 recommendations for my code 
from which I used 3 to improve my code.
Peter provided me with 3 recommendations 
from which I used 1 to improve my code.

Both feedbacks were very helpful and I'm very happy with 
my final implementation of the boggle solver.


